Documentation update to explain FusedSDPA support for Llava fp8 inference (#1169)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/image-to-text/README.md

```

Use the following command to run Llava-v1.6-mistral-7b BF16 inference with FusedSDPA
```bash
python3 run_pipeline.py \
    --model_name_or_path llava-hf/llava-v1.6-mistral-7b-hf \
    --image_path "https://llava-vl.github.io/static/images/view.jpg" \
    --use_hpu_graphs \
    --bf16 \
    --use_flash_attention
```

Use the following commands to run Llava-v1.6-mistral-7b FP8 inference with FusedSDPA

> Here is an example to measure the tensor quantization statistics on Llava-v1.6-mistral-7b:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of measuring the tensor quantization statistics on Llava-v1.6-mistral-7b:
```

```bash
QUANT_CONFIG=./quantization_config/maxabs_measure.json python run_pipeline.py \
--model_name_or_path llava-hf/llava-v1.6-mistral-7b-hf \
--image_path "https://llava-vl.github.io/static/images/view.jpg" \
--use_hpu_graphs \
--bf16 --use_flash_attention
```

> Here is an example to quantize the model based on previous measurements for Llava-v1.6-mistral-7b:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of quantizing the model based on previous measurements for Llava-v1.6-mistral-7b:
```
